cloud nine that was one of their engages
right back onto lemon they can be
chucked into the inhibitor here at Zion
Spartan gets in a good spot parallel
convergence flashing again for me dio's
to try and set up the team boss goes
down before being able to put out
anything a possible pentakill here for
double if that's a triple videos is
closed chrono breaks Pratt right in
favorite quadra there it is a few more
kills 4mm kids up a cocktail shutting
down sneaky
and they shut down close
Oh broken finger rip
heart take a few office handy stone go
ahead they've got to make something
happen here this is the time account
diamond going in going low however and
out so
paul is killing us now he's gonna go for
the dump but he does manage to grab
commish art before he falls down as well
my anymore they're gonna try to end this
one right here a Quadra kill just like
that they are gonna get he secure it up
yes he can
killing the first game in a duty gonna
kill again the pentakill camp this was
everyone get arrow as a helper tries to
make the engaged but he commits to it
under a turd and man life is there with
his ultimate on board the knock on the
cocoa just goes for that arrow takes so
long to die the doc they just stands
there with the billing in San soldiers
and look at the zoning created to just
forcing people under the isère turret
with his wall and in the end his damage
was a little bit too much and we're to
see it with not terrible camera I'm
potentially just some day dodging in and
it's score dealing damage that's it no
one else gets poked out pretty darn hard
are we going to see the counter engage
tab actually pulls down there get hit by
Matt equalizer and by the Nautilus
ultimate it's just dotted upgrades
hopping over the wall trying to get the
auto sounds meb on a rampage through the
other ppl touch shaker movie for as
God's you far the answer is yes riffle
bill respect quadra kill it's a kanay to
jail
the rivet head shot and spam will lock
up the first pet to kill of his teeth so
this dive could come around second
dragon picked up you begin to get a
whole bunch of paper the target switched
over move just get some back rated for
that one and we're gonna see the cheese
canoe a sponsor does better to knock
down keeping give again soon our
Wow is the req this to be the exact
fight dignitas lauded what your logic
hill for shifter red bump is on charms
up good flashlight all tech with a flash
game receptor a 14-minute pentakill /
shifter now all 7 of team dignitas is
kills watch it right there